docs: update since signers now compute what to sign independently (#1975)
input-output-hk/mithril: docs/website/root/mithril/threat-model.md

Registering a Mithril signing key means that a signer sends its corresponding verification key to the aggregator, for the purpose of distribution to all other Mithril signers.

> Each Mithril signer check if there's something that can be signed independently, produces a signature of what's needed to sign and submits that to the aggregator (which verifies the signature being correct upon receiving).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Mithril signer checks if there is something that can be signed independently, produces a signature of what's needed to sign and submits that to the aggregator (which verifies the signature being correct upon receiving).
```
